Are you making full use of JW Library®?
Let’s learn how some are using it,
and then practice together.
I create notes in my Bible
for many different reasons.
It could be a good point from a talk,
an illustration to help me
to explain something to a Bible student,
or something for my own meditation.
I highlight the key phrase
and create a note.
Let’s practice together.
If you have JW Library,
find 1 Timothy 2:6 in the Bible.
Now highlight the word “ransom,”
and tap the “Add a note” button.
Then type your comment.
Tapping the note marker in the margin
brings your comment into view.
I’ve created a lot of notes.
I use tags to help me find them again.
For example, whenever I hear a point
that I want to use in the ministry,
I create a note and add a tag
like “prayer,” “ransom,” or “last days.”
Then when I’m in the ministry,
I can quickly find my note.
Let’s practice together.
On the note you just created,
tap the three dots
and then “Edit.”
Now tap the button “Add a tag,”
and enter a tag name.
In this case, type “ransom.”
You can add as many tags as you like.
To find your notes again,
go to the Personal Study tab.
You can type in the Search box,
or you can just tap the tag.
As I read the Bible chapters
for the midweek meeting,
I often come across verses
that I want to understand better.
So I check the Research Guide.
Sometimes I use the points
I find in a comment at the meeting.
Let’s practice together.
Are you still at 1 Timothy chapter 2?
Tap on the number for verse 6,
then tap the Research Guide button
on the menu.
Now you can read information
that explains this verse.
You can even copy a portion
of the research and paste it into your note.